Like everything else in life the navy gives you a lot but it demands of
you a lot, and that's true about the marine corps probably even more
so. And what other things that that both the corps and the navy demand
of you is separation from the ones you love. If you're married
or if you have a family of any kind to whom you are responsible, you'll
be obligated to spend time away from there's no doubt about that.
It's nothing like it was in days of yore historically speaking of
a male Whaler in Boston in the early eighteen century would leave Boston
and be gone for two or three years was no communication back to
his wife children parents as to whether he was even still alive or
not and then which show back up and be around for a few months than
them gone again. Nothing like that, but you do have to endure a significant
separation from family and friends